Ghost again, here come down playing My Million Dollar Baby.
I've got a million dollar baby.
Man, she's long and...
I've got a million dollar baby. Man, she's long and...
I swear, and when she woopens, I declare, it's too bad, yeah.
Her face is so pretty. At night, she will kill your soul.
And her face is so pretty
At night, she will kill your soul.
Says I wouldn't take nothing for my baby, even too long, even too long, wait and go.
I'm telling all you men, I just want to be straight and plain.
Yeah, straight and plain.
That's right, straight and plain.
Well, it really hurts my feelings to hear another man call your name.
I said she's all right with me.
I can see her both night and day.
Yes, that woman's all right with me.
Says I'd be crazy about that million dollar baby.
Jesus called her way.